All right, lets make use
of the tsconfig.json file to configure our compiler options.
So instead of listing them all on the command line,
we'll simply place it in a configuration file,
and that's the tsconfig.json.
So, let's zoom in here and take care
of some housekeeping work.
So I simply want to copy paste my previous project,
and then I'll just rename the project,
and I'll call it 03-tsconfig.
And, initially the IDE will show errors.
Just close the previous files
and those errors should go away.
And now, let's move over to our terminal window,
and I want to move into the directory
04-classes/03-tsconfig.
And just as a checkpoint,
make sure you're in the correct directory here.
And let's go ahead and remove
the previous .jsfile, customer.js.
Now let's compile our code,
and we'll see these compiler errors,
and it's saying hey, the accesses are only available
when targeting ex5 and higher, blah blah blah.
So, we need to set some compiler flags accordingly.
So now, let's make use of the tsconfig.json file,
and remember we can actually generate a template file
by using this tsc --init.
So it says here it successfully
created the file for us which is great,
and now I can actually open this file,
and we'll see they'll give us the basics here
along with a lot of information here that's commented out,
so you can simply read the documentation
to see what those different items are for.
But we have the target es5 up top which is good.
And then I'll also add the noemitonerror configuration,
and I'll set that value to true.
So now the nice thing about having this configuration here
is that I don't have to manually list
all of these options on the command line.
I can simply compile and it'll make use
of the configurations to find in this file.
So here I simply give tsc,
and remember by default it's going to compile
all startup ts files, which is great.
And now I can simply run the application
by saying node Customer.js.
Okay, this is great.
So again, the benefit of using the tsconfig
is that you can set up your compiler options
in a configuration file.
No need to manually list them on the command line.